1,600.
Yeah,
you got your notifications today.
I prayed over
this a lot last night because of all the people
saying, "Hey, they didn't notify
me."It
bothered me because so many
of you would like to be here and
YouTube was not telling you. We came to the conclusion that because we
uploaded
three
videos yesterday, it
notified you every single time.
I think there's a
limit to how many times you can do
that so that people can actually be
notified. Am I saying that right?
Yeah. We believe that
now we're seeing how many people
will get notified
to come pray with us versus having
three uploads.
It
was
too much.
So, we're just going to do this.
Another
thing we found out is that Braden can
post on X that we're doing a live, and
everybody comes over from X because it
notifies you immediately through Elon's.
I thought that was pretty cool. I
thought, "Okay, good
thinking,"because
the more the merrier, you
know. Good evening family;
good morning, good afternoon wherever
you are. It's awesome because so
many of you from all over the world
come and pray with us on a
daily basis.
One person said, "Hey, it's 7:00 in
the morning,"and
I said, "Wow,
that's just awesome. Isn't
Jesus
wonderful?"We're
going to go over everything
the Lord showed us last night in prayer. For
those
of you
who
didn't want to watch the beginning,
I'll
recap
what
the Lord said yesterday. I
was in the shower praying and
I sat there, just waiting before the
Lord. He said, "What they
don't realize is what you gave them at
the beginning of yesterday's video is
the key to everything
in
your Christian
walk."He
said that will be what will
sustain them in ministry
and
in their walk with Me. He said,
"Brandon,
everyone has a trigger. What sets you off?
What's your boundary
when it comes to certain
conversations? What irritates you the
most? What's your trigger?"I asked,
"Your trigger?"He
said,
"Do
you know what My
trigger is?"I said, "No,
Lord."He
said, "Touching the
glory."He
said, "I'll show you
scriptures."Jesus
says, "I do nothing
unless I see My Father. Unless I'm
instructed by My Father,
I do
nothing."Everything
He did was to give God
praise and glory. "I do nothing apart
from the Lord. Everything that I do
in word and in deed, we give all
the glory to
God."He
said, "My trigger,
Brandon, what bothers Me the most is
touching the glory. I will share My
glory with no
one."I
was taken up and I saw
Lucifer.
He was made for worship.
Everything about him was glorious
as he walked around in heaven
leading
worship and music.
The angels would say, "Oh, you did a
good job. The worship was just
beautiful
today."In
that praise
and
acknowledgment,
I could see that giving
him glory
lifted his ego and his pride,
taking the glory from the
Father.
He said, "I will exalt myself. I
will do all
this."Suddenly,
he was shot down like lightning.
He touched the glory. He took the
praise.
The moment he had an ego and started
to think, "I'll exalt myself
above God. I'll be bigger. I'll put
my kingdom above His because don't you
realize who I
am?"he
didn't realize the presence was coming
from the Father through him to give the
Father worship.
The moment he thought he
was something,
it
changed.
Everything we do in ministry, everything
we say, everything we
impart is not us. Me seeing things is
not me; it's all to His glory. That's
why I said we're the glove.
We have this glove that's like
a snow glove.
It's a really cool thing, but it was
made to give warmth to the hand.
The moment the Holy Spirit
goes inside of that glove, the human
body, it brings life to the
glove. But the glove is nothing without
the Holy Spirit.
A
human hand goes in there,
and the glove is nothing without the
hand.
That's why the Lord was showing me,
"Brandon, I'll share My glory
with no one in the days
ahead."Even
more so with what you're about to
see.
"If you want longevity in ministry, son,
and you want to know My trigger:
touch not the glory
through the praise of man."People
say,
"Oh, you're so good. You're
awesome."But
people's opinions change like the
water, the weather,
and
the tide. It always goes
back and forth.
He said people's opinions of you will always
change—how
great they say
you are or how great they don't. The
comment
section, the peanut gallery.
He was talking
to me about finding your box.
What is your box? Like William Seymour, who
took his
flesh and told it to shut
up.
As
I told you all yesterday, what's
your box?
William Seymour sat in the front
of the stage with a box on his head for
sometimes 45 minutes to an hour before
the service would even start as a
display of humility so that
He gets the glory. Regardless of
what happens in
this vast auditorium,
He gets the glory,
the honor, and the
praise.
"I'll share My glory with no
one."In
the days ahead, you'll see this more and
more.
He said, "As long, Brandon,
as you decrease so that I
increase,
we'll get along just
fine."Basically,
He
wants
to use people in a great
capacity, but everyone has a trigger.
What's your trigger?
When you get to know the Father more
intimately,
you
realize
there
are
boundaries with
His triggers—what He loves and what He
doesn't.
So I sit before Him and listen
as
He talks to me about what's coming.
He tells me about finances,
the
president,
what's coming after the attack
with Venezuela, what's happening
next for China,
and what's coming for Taiwan. You learn
these things
as you sit at His feet and die
to yourself. That's why you die daily.
What are you dying to? Self.
When the anointing's on me
and the cloak comes on, I'm just that
glove.
The moment it moves out after the
livestream's
over,
I'm just as helpless as
anyone.
When that anointing
is
on, you feel like Superman and
the
glory
is
there. But the Lord said
impartations,
healings, and manifestations like you
wouldn't believe
are about to come to this planet.
We're about to see things we've
always dreamed of
seeing.
He said, "There's a
difference between being a general in an
army
and being one of the foot
soldiers."You
can be a general in His army
for what's coming, though all of us are
important
and
have a position. The
foot soldiers are just as important as
the generals, but the general has a lot
more responsibility.
To whom much is given, much is required.
General Flynn and all the
generals we've had in our
military had a lot more
responsibility,
and
if they messed up, it cost a lot of lives.
So, they have to be on target
and precise with what they are hearing
from the commander-in-chief of the
United States of America, our president,
right?
You distribute the message to the
people and they help bring out the call
and we win battles. The Lord
said, Brandon, there is a lot of difference
between generals
and privates and lieutenants and all
that. It is interesting, so
you learn the chain of command
and you learn a lot of things as I
grow,
and he instructs me all the time.
This is what you are going to do and this
is what you are not going to do, and I
want you to do it
precisely.
Yes, sir.
So, as I sat before him today, he said,
I want you to tell my people again,
humble themselves underneath the mighty
hand of God.
Humble yourself.
No matter what your potter's wheel experience is, no matter what
you
are
going through,
you do not have to announce it on
Facebook.
You do not have to tell everybody your
business. You know, I am on the potter's
wheel
right now and everything is so
rough.
You know how many times I went on
Facebook and told everybody about
me?
I never
once told anybody how bad my day was,
other than my grandmother across the
street, of how rough some days were. I did
not
even tell my mom and my dad.
Nobody knew other than her because she
lived across the street.
But I did not make an announcement on
Facebook so everybody would pray for me.
I did not tell every sister so and so how
much I was going through because I
wanted them to feel sorry for me and
give me finances. Do not give ministry
of hints.
Well, you know, we are having a hard time
financially. I have got ten dollars left, five dollars left.
I did not make the announcement
so that people would still feel sorry
for me. I thought if God can provide and
God knows how much I need, I do not need
sister so and so or brother so and so to
try to meet that need. Either God does
it or he is not God.
But ministry of hints is not God.
Well, you know, won't you help me? I
have
got my bills going to be
cut off this next week. Ministry of
hints is not God.
Keep your mouth shut, and if you
have
sowed and you have tithed
and you have
given,
keep your eyes on him, not on man. The
moment man becomes your provider you
are
in trouble.
The moment man becomes your need
maker, the way maker, you are in trouble.
I do not need a miracle behind my
mailbox. I need Jesus. That
is
why Diana's dream, when she had
the dream, the lady was looking at her
and the glory was on us and she said,
Oh, don't you see? It
is
just Jesus.
When people see you in the days ahead
and your face is shining with glory, it
is
not about you. The world is going
to be attracted to it
and the blessings flow through it.
Increase comes from it. But that is not
the focus. The focus is Jesus.
And the glory will be on you, ladies and
gentlemen, for what I have seen.
A level of the glory that we have never
seen before.
And when we go into the Walmarts and the
Targets and the Sam's or Costco or
wherever you go shopping and they see
that glory on you, it
is
just Jesus.
You always deflect to him.
You must know this. I told
Braden and Diana and Paisley
today, I said, this
is God's trigger. This is so important.
And to the point that I am turning off
the comment section. It
is
not about Brandon.
This is not about how great Brandon is or
how much he hears or what he does
not
hear and the egg throwers or the
praise or the palm leaf
people.
This is just me being obedient to what
God has called me to do and what he
has
called me to say. And if I miss it, I
miss it. And that is between me and him.
Or if it is right and I pray it is, you
know, I do not want to cause any
prophetic confusion, but it is always to
give glory to him.
Die to yourself.
Die
to
yourself.
I saw it today. I have heard
people say it a thousand times and I
thought what are they truly saying until
it became Rhema to me.
You can parrot things so much and I hear
somebody, I heard a parrot one time. Oh
Lord we give you all the glory and honor
and praise, but yet they display
something so much haughtiness upon
them on the platform. So much pride,
so much pride,
and you see it and it is so much about
attracting the glory to them as they
move in the gift but yet you see the
gift and you say, is it right? Are
you right right now? No, it is so much
about you.
But when I see Katherine, she was always
back, she did that thing and the Lord
said, learn, I
will
share my glory with no one. You see,
there
is
a lot of parrots
that know how to parrot and copy
what you have seen on the stage. There is a
lot of parrots versus the ones that are
really truly sold out and they are dead
to it.
And the Lord said, I am going to pour
out my spirit on another level on
people. Brandon, you
are
about to see some glorious
things,
but touch not the anointing.
Don't ever take it and ever
be arrogant.
Humble yourself before me and I will flow
through you and we will get along just
fine.
I say all this stuff to you to try to
help you. Maybe it does, maybe it
doesn't. It is like the comments. I say
answered questions. He said, Who are
you to answer any questions?
Did I tell you to answer questions? It
is
not your gift. It
a Ferrari whenever it comes on. And
everybody loves the Ferrari, but you
are
just the kid that is driving the
borrowed Ferrari. It
is
not yours. It is daddy's Ferrari.
But you are excited about the Ferrari and you
are
showing everybody and you
taking Instagram photos and look at me.
Cool
car,
and the Lord said, That ain't your
Ferrari, son.
You are borrowing the keys for
the moment.
That ain't your car. You are a
pretender.
You have no business answering
questions. It
is
not your gift. You are borrowing it
for that time.
Don't ever do that again. I said I
will
bow my head before you. Father, I
am
sorry.
What do you ever think that you have the
ability to answer anybody's question on
there unless I tell you to say
something?
I, that is haughtiness. Don't ever do that
again.
I said
I had no argument. It is a hard thing. It
is
like a stomach punch whenever
I come before you and I just
humble. I just like, and I am not
wanting sister clipboard to come and say
Brandon, you said this, you said that.
You point out your own flaws.
You look at your own stuff. Examine your
own self. I am very public about how I
am
examined by the father looking at
me through a microscope.
He looks at me and he examines me all
the time. What I am trying to tell you
is that God is going to do something
huge in these last days and he is not
going to share his glory with no one.
And he wants to do something huge
through you.
Examine yourself, humble yourself, and
allow him to be big inside of you.
Does that make sense what I am saying?
When you lay hands on the sick and you
see their eyes come back in their head
and their arms grow out before you and
you see hair grow back that was
not
there.
When you see the dead raised in front of
you and the media wants to put you all
over the news,
remember that you are the glove.
Apart from him, you can do nothing. You did
not
do nothing. You are just the
glove. You
will
see the dead raised in the days
ahead. You are going to see the blind
eyes open. You are going to see ears
open. You are going to see things that there
is
going to be shock and awe
on Instagram,
Facebook, the dead were raised.
Did you see who did it? No, you did
not
do nothing.
You were just the glove.
So, I am trying to prepare you for what
is
about to come.
Take not the glory for what is about to
come, ladies and gentlemen. I
am
just a vessel.
We give him all the glory. Thank
you for what you did today, Lord.
Thank you. To you be all the glory. To
you be all the honor. To you be all the
praise.
For the love that you had for your
people today was bigger than Brandon
could ever think about. It
was his love.
It was a display of his
grace—something
you don't earn and something
you don't deserve. That's what we're
about to see:
a display of glorious grace,
that by his stripes
you are healed.
By his stripes we are healed.
It wasn't about how good we are
or
what we deserve; it was
his grace.
The provision that's about to happen for
some of
you—'I
got a million
dollars.'Be
humble with what he's about to give
you.
Know it's for the kingdom,
your bank accounts. He said, 'In a
moment, in a 24-hour period, I'll make
decamillionaires.'I'm
going to speak to you in the middle
of the night, Brandon, and you'll invest
here, and then within a 24-hour
period, it'll make you a million bucks.
Brandon, listen to me: be humble with
what I give you
when I say to give it. I
realized
then that God doesn't have a money
problem,
and he doesn't have a money problem with
you.
He doesn't care, because I criticize
sometimes in my heart: 'How come you give
so-and-so
so much?
They have jets; they have all this
stuff. Look at all this, Lord.'He
doesn't
have a money problem with that.
He doesn't have a problem with that at
all.
What he has a problem with is whenever
it has them and they have arrogance.
Humble yourself. And the Lord said,
'I'll make decamillionaires,
Brandon.'Why?
To get this gospel out. My Son's
return is imminent.
My Son's return is imminent. Do you
understand how close he is? There's no
urgency in my church,
and I'm
about to create urgency.
Wars will break
out—wars,
rumors of wars,
plagues, pestilences—five major
shakings.
So that's what I'm here to tell you
tonight.
That was the first half of this 20...
I say all that in love,
but I tell you because it's what he says
to me.
And
there's fire on it.
There's so much he said. They say they
don't hear me.
He said, 'Brandon,
I am
speaking all the
time.'The
problem is that they think what
they're hearing is them.
The very intellect they walk in every
day, they think it's just them. He said,
'Apart from me, you can do
nothing.'There's
nothing that you do on your own
that he has not graced you to do.
Anytime you think that you did it on
your own, you're in pride.
'Apart from me, you can do
nothing.'Because
I overcome some things with my
intellect and all the things that I
overcome, I automatically know I'm so
broken as a person. I'm a man that has
hardly any education;
I barely got a GED. I
struggled
my whole life with everything I
have,
and I've sat at his feet wanting to
know how to provide for my family.
That was the place of knowing.
For
Brandon, having to get his thoughts right
and to get things going, it's always
been his grace.
But I recognize it because I know apart
from him, I truly can do nothing.
But he said, 'There are so many of you that
are so smart in your own mind that you
think that it's
you.'He's
gifted you with certain
things—with
numbers, with math, with spelling,
with your doctor's degree or
whatever you have—and you think it was
you. But he said, 'Brandon, it was
always my ability and my grace on them
to get the job done.
Apart from me, Brandon, they can do
nothing,
but they think it's them.'And that's
pride.
From the great jobs that you
have—corporate
offices,
CEOs—it
rains on the just and the unjust.
He said,
'I speak to my people all the time, but
they think it's their thoughts. A lot of
things they're thinking,
a lot of the things they think
they're flowing with,
it's my inspiration on
them.'If
they keep in my word and they incline
their ear to me,
if they listen to me through the Word of
God every day and they read it, the
footsteps of the righteous are ordered.
The footsteps of the righteous are
ordered of the Lord. He said,
'The more they humble themselves
before
me in prayer and fasting and seeking me
daily,
I give you the desires I give you.
You don't do anything apart from
me.'The
very air we breathe,
the very food we partake
of—we
did nothing to get it.
We may have toiled the ground, but the
seed—we
didn't do it. He provided it.
The very air you breathe so freely,
you didn't do anything to get that. He
did it.
The water that you
drink—I
didn't do anything to get that. We
put it in a bottle, we filtered it, but
he provided it.
Everything that gives us life
is just his grace.
The steel you used to make your
car, the wood you used to build the roof
on your house—he provided all of it.
You did nothing. You may have worked and
put it through a lumber mill or
the steel mill, but
everything initially is all
his.
And that's why he was saying there's so
much arrogance in humanity.
There's so much arrogance in your
hearts.
'I give you grace every day just to do
what you do to get out of bed.
The moment you wake up and open your
eyes, I've given you grace to do it.
The very blood that flows through your
veins,
the thoughts that you think in your
head...'When
I hear him say those things,
and I listen to him and hear his
heartbeat...
And all I'm asking you in these days
ahead, Brandon, is touch not the glory.
It's my
trigger.'I
said, 'You got it.
Whatever it
takes.'So
I just caution
you—if
you can learn anything
from somebody, if you can learn
something from me, listen. If not, then
whatever.
But I just try to tell you what I've
heard today:
don't touch the glory in what you're
about to see on this earth.
Always give Jesus the praise.
He's a good God and
he loves you so.
So let's go over yesterday's blessing.
Everything he showed us.
During
a time of prayer, he
showed up and he showed us many things. I'm
so thankful. He showed me
yesterday when we were praying—I saw
great earthquakes coming to Italy. I saw
great destructive earthquakes. I saw a
water shelf that went like this and then
it dropped off. And the Lord said,
'They're not paying attention to what's
down below;
they're not paying attention to the
water.'He
said, 'Active volcanoes
are starting to erupt;
they're going to start to
erupt.'I
saw a massive volcano going off.
Seismic activity was going to start to
shake, and I saw lines of activity.
I don't know what all this
is—it
looked like charts—but it was forked
off over Italy. And I saw a massive
volcano that shot up out of the ocean
that caused a tsunami wave.
He brought
up
Pompeii.
He talked about
stuff that was buried in the dirt
that looked like mosaics
that were linked to biblical times,
things that would validate and bring
life to the Bible
that have been preserved.
And I saw in the side of the earth, the
Lord said, 'I'm going to split it, and I
have preserved this, and I'm going to
bring it for a sign of the end times
to reach the
unbeliever.'I
saw the splits and I saw earth
that would be uncovering things. I saw a
tomb,
and in this tomb there was a library
full of literature
from some kind of a theologian.
I would say it was Alexander the Great.
This will be a major
world discovery when this takes place.
It was a library
full of scrolls and
parchment paper
that was preserved like a
tomb.
I saw the pyramids and I saw tunnels
that had rooms full of ancient
artifacts that the world has forgotten, that
were
preserved.
I saw tablets too, that were glowing
with glory—two major tablets
that were glowing with glory.
I
assume—I
do
not know, and I'm not going
to add to or take away from anything.
It's just my opinion looking
into it, that this is the Ten
Commandments.
I saw them glowing. It was so bright, and
it looked like the Father.
Every time I see him, these
tablets looked like that.
Now, were they really glowing that way?
I don't know. I believe it was a type
and shadow, or something
he was trying to show me, like
this is something. They were
outlined
and they had a hold of
them, and I saw
sand everywhere.
But as they dug this pit, they
found this tomb. United States military soldiers
were surrounding it to protect
these people from being bombarded
by Muslims.
They did not want what was being
discovered and brought out to the public
because it went against their faith.
So they wanted to stop
the revelation of what was coming up
out of these tombs from happening.
I saw people with things wrapped
around their heads and their faces, and
they had AK-47s and were trying
to
destroy what was in the dirt from coming
out to the public because many Muslim
people were coming to Jesus Christ
because of this and turning from being
a Muslim.
It was spreading like a
shockwave
and the Lord said, 'This would be the
greatest discovery of any generation
that's about to take place. It will
show that I am that I am is still I am
that I am, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and
Jacob,
and there will be no denying
it.'He
said, 'I'm leaving the
ninety-nine
to go after the
one.'I
saw a shaking in the earth that
would uncover these things. I saw
archaeological discoveries that were
scrolls. He
said, 'This would be like the Dead Sea
Scrolls:
accounts of Jesus's healings,
more things that were written down,
things that were in the
earth.'Are
you saying it's more than the Bible?
No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm
talking about another account,
like if you had Brandon's
account. I wrote it down. I watched
him. I saw Jesus there, and he was
writing it down. I wasn't a
disciple, but I was there and I told
everybody about it. Do you get what I'm
saying? Do I think it will be in
the Bible? No, that's not what I'm
saying. These are people's accounts,
things that were happening. Something
is
about to happen that will
be like CliffNotes
of biblical
accounts—biblical
things that
will back more of the word, showing,
'Hey look, it happened over here,
too.'There's
a mosaic over here
and it's Jesus walking on the water.
I'm just trying to
describe
how big
this
is.
It was all underground, in a
tomb. This tomb was
underneath the sand and
it was square and it had a door to it,
and it was all built
cement by the pyramids.
I could see the pyramids in the
background. Then I
heard, 'This is by Jerusalem. There
are
things in Israel,
things that will be uncovered.'I saw
Italy. I saw shakings in
the Lord. I saw a major
earthquake about to take place.
When this earthquake takes place and
these tsunamis washing away, it's
the burial of all...
over time sand
just buries things.
It's always been there, but the Lord
said, 'I'm going to uncover it for this
generation as a
sign.'As
I said, what I saw
is
what I'm trying to
tell you. I saw a lot of the
Muslims, and they were furious.
They wanted to stop it. There were
United States
soldiers protecting it
as they were bringing it up out of the
ground.
This is what I saw in the vision.
The Lord said, 'I'm about to do
something to shake the
nations.'I
thought it was pretty cool.
If the Ten Commandments come up out
of the ground, that's going to be pretty
neat.
I told D, 'What I saw
was glowing with glory and it sent
a shockwave.'It
was like
the paddles for
a
defibrillator
or something like that.
It hit the land and it
bled smoke out the sides in all directions,
like you dropped an asteroid.
It shot something
straight up, but it was the glory and it
sent ripple waves all through the Middle
East.
The Lord said, 'Watch Ethiopia.
Watch Ethiopia.'I saw
Egypt and Ethiopia were like one.
Something about Ethiopia, something
about Egypt, but they're further
apart. Braden showed me on the map.
I'm telling you with intellect,
I had no idea, but it looked
like they were one.
I
see in part, and the Lord
shows me what's coming. Then
I saw Babylon rising
again.
I saw financial blessings and things
coming out of Babylon.
I saw shaking. Then he kept
saying, 'Oh Jerusalem, oh
Jerusalem.'I
could hear it. And he said, 'I'm going
to shake Mecca.
False religion, Mecca. I'm going to
shake
it.'Whether
that's a major earthquake that
would destroy that place or not, I don't
know, but I saw a major shaking coming
to Mecca.
He said, 'I don't want that any
should perish, but all come to
repentance.'He
was going to shake all of it. I saw
women of Middle Eastern descent
weeping before the Lord in the glory
all throughout Iran, all throughout
Africa.
A major harvest of
souls is coming.
God is going to show up and show off,
and
he's
going to use us.
You saw remedies, cures.
Oh, yeah. In these scrolls, there
were
cures for
things—ancient
knowledge
of
ailments—and
I saw Nephilim. I saw
things that were attached to Noah's time:
cures with ancient knowledge in
this library.
There were scrolls and tablets full
of
mind-blowing stuff:
ancient weather patterns and
things that they had documented for
thousands of years.
He said, 'But I've preserved it with my
hand
and I'm
about to release it to the
world.'It
will relate back to
Abraham's
stuff.
He gave me Micah
1,
and then Abraham,
Isaac, and Jacob. He saw
boiling
in the
dust coming up out of it.
He gave me the
scripture Isaiah
64,
that the
mountains would melt like wax. He
said
they would know your fame.
The world
would know.
Isaiah 64.
He brought those scriptures
up. It was mainly Isaiah 64, but
Micah went with it inside of my spirit.
He
quoted out of Isaiah
and said that
the world is going to know that he is
God.
'I am that I am. Oh, that you would
rend
the heavens and come down, that
the mountains would tremble before you
as when fire
sets
twigs ablaze and causes the water to
boil.'Come
down to make your name
known to your enemies and cause the
nations to quake before you.
That's what's about to happen.
You put that scripture in there; they
have to see it.
Oh Father, that you would rend the
heavens,
that you would come down, that the
mountains might shake at your presence.
As fire burns brushwood,
as fire causes water to boil, to make
your name known to your adversaries,
that the nations may tremble at your
presence.
It's so important.
I'm excited about it.
Isaiah
64:1-2.
We're in a time that everybody was
wanting to be in, and yet he chose you
and me. He chose every one of you on
this side of the camera. We're in a time
that they all dreamed that they could be
in, but he chose us. We're the closers.
You have what it takes.
You're a closer. You're built for
pressure. You were built for such a time
as this. You're not a mistake. You were
appointed and you were chosen for such a
time as this. Oh, what a plan. Oh, what
a planner. Like Sister Billie always
says,
I'm so thankful that he looked our
direction.
The key to the glory is love. Love takes
no account of a suffered wrong.
I'm so thankful for the love.
Who wants to go tubing?
I'll go get my sweetheart. She wants to
come in for this part. I told her I'd
talk for a second, then I'll go get
her and she'll pray with us. I
want her to take notes.
He said Adonai. He said Adonai.
Adonai.
He said Adonai. Adonai, which I
don't know what that is. It
is the
Hebrew word for my Lord,
my master. Adonai,
Jehovah
Jireh.
So, are you all excited about that part?
That was the first part. All right,
let's pray now and see if he
wants to show us anything today. If not,
then we'll close it and go on.
But I wanted to go over that and
tell you what he's saying today to me
privately. You know, I try to be
helping y'all as much as I can.
Ready?
Let's go. Let me go get her.
Hi,
how's everybody doing?
All right,
I got my order.
You have to commune.
Oh, that you would rend the heavens,
that you would come down, that the
mountains might shake.
Can you wait to shake the mountains?
How are you doing?
Good. Let me see. I thought you had
a fuzzy.
Make sure I don't have any pimples like
a teenager. Is it gross? Father, I
just thank you, Lord,
for all that you've done, for all that
you're going to do. We just
humble ourselves before you, Father. And
if there's anything you want to show us
tonight, Father, we're here. We lift up
the body before you. We
thank you, Lord, that by your stripes,
we're healed. We're so grateful. We're
so thankful that we give you all the
glory, all the honor, and
all the praise.
We take this body in the name of Jesus
and we lift it up before you, Father. We
thank you, Lord, for all that you've
done and all that you're going to do.
And we take this communion in
remembrance of what you did for us.
We thank you, Lord, that it's just a
personal relationship with you.
Father, I thank you
for how precious you
are to us as we come before you boldly
in the name of Jesus. Amen and amen.
We take the blood and
we lift it up before you, and we make much
of the blood, and the blood makes much of
us.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you for the blood, Father. As we
confess our sins, you're faithful and
just to forgive us
and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness. Thank you for the
blood, Lord. We apply the blood over
Diana. Cover her from the top of her head to
the soles of her feet. Over me
uninterrupted, and over Braden and
over Paisley. All of us, Megan. Father,
I thank you, uninterrupted and unhindered
by any satanic or demonic force. We take
authority over our finances. We take
authority over the
transfer of the wealth. And we say in
the name of Jesus, Satan, get your hands
off of our stuff in Jesus'name! Thus far
and no further. We take authority and we
apply the blood and we say that God, you
are our provider and you
supply all
our needs according to your riches
in
glory by Christ Jesus. We take
authority and we call in the angels
to bring it in from the north, the
south, the east, the west. Holy Spirit,
work on the hearts in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, for all
that you're going to do and all that
you've already done in Jesus'name. We
plead the blood and we apply the blood.
That's how you do it. You
pray over your stuff. You pray over your
family, husbands and wives.
Satan has no right to touch
you. You're a born-again believer.
I'm a believing believer; I'm not a
doubter. And we have power and
authority to tread on serpents and
scorpions, and nothing shall by any
means hurt us.
We are not of this world. We're
just
passing through.
Thank you, Father, that you have a place
for me.
I've got a mansion just over the
hilltop
in that bright land where
we'll never grow old. Father, I
thank you
for the
blood and
we apply
the
blood in
Jesus'name.
We give
you
glory, honor,
and
praise for
it.
I've got a
mansion
just over the hilltop
in that bright land where
we'll never grow old.
And someday yonder, we will nevermore wander but walk on streets that are pure as
gold. I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where
we'll never grow old. And
someday we'll nevermore wander
but walk on streets that are pure as
gold.
That's really cool. I didn't know
the words.
Those old hymns. A 1960
song by Elvis Presley. Now, he didn't
make that song. Maybe he
sang it well, too.
We'll
have to look it up
and let him sing it sometime, but
we can't play it on here.
Songwriter is Ira
Stanphill.
Ira
Stanphill,
I don't know.
What's Beulah Land?
This song.
Father, we just thank you for
the blood.
We make much of the blood.
Lord, we thank you for your prayer
time.
Father, we worship you.
Father,
what's on your heart with all these
people gathered here? We have 7,000
people here right now. Lord, what can we
do to help?
I've
reached the land of corn and
wine
and
all its riches freely mine. Here
shines undimmed one blissful day, for all my night has passed away. Beulah Land, sweet Beulah Land. As on thy
highest mount I stand, I look away across the sea where mansions are prepared for me.
My Savior comes and walks with me, and
sweet communion here have we. He gently
leads me by his hand, for
this is heaven's borderland.
A sweet perfume upon the breeze is
borne
from
ever-vernal
trees.
Oh, yeah. I'm kind of homesick for a country to which I've never seen before. No sad goodbyes will there be spoken because time won't matter anymore. I'm longing for you, Beulah Land. And someday yonder I'll stand, and there my home shall be eternal Beulah land. I'm looking out just across the river, and I can see the other side. There's just a few more days to labor, and I'm going to take my heavenly flight. Beulah Land, I'm longing for you. And someday yonder I'll stand, and there my home shall be eternal Beulah land. I like that part where he says, 'I'm kind of homesick for a country to which I've never seen before.'No sad goodbyes would there be spoken because time won't matter anymore. Beulah, I'm longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand there. My home shall be eternal, Beulah land. Thank you, Lord. Father, we thank you. I'm just looking across the river, Lord, and I can see the other side. There's just a few more days to labor, and I'm going to take my heavenly flight. Father, we love you. I'm longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand where my home shall be eternal, Beulah land. Sweet land. Run to him. Daily and weekly, you must come by my side. Certain phrases you say—he's telling you the glory is on the phrase when it comes out of the spirit. For the signs of the end times, it's like a pitch. I'm seeing that pitch again. It's the Beulah land. It's the song of the day. I'm kind of homesick
for a country
to which I've never
seen before.
No sad goodbyes
would there be spoken
because
time won't matter
anymore.
It's where he's at. Do you
understand?
Because it's that faith. It's that
whole parrot.
When I'm in the spirit, he's talking
because time is
right
there.
No sad goodbyes will there be spoken
because
time won't matter anymore.
We're going to a place
where
time doesn't matter anymore.
No more sad goodbyes
because
time won't matter
anymore.
We're longing for you, Father.
Oh, come Jesus.
Beulah
land.
I'm longing
for
you.
View the land.
You don't have to write it down, honey.
It's fine.
It's about the coming of his Son.
That's where he's at right now.
He said, 'It's about the coming of my
Son.'Oh
Father,
most
holy
glory
to
the Lord.
For you are glorious
and worthy to be praised.
You're the Lamb
upon
the throne,
and unto
you
we lift our voice in praise.
Holy,
holy,
holy
is
the Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Holy,
holy
Lord
who was and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy
is the Lord of hosts
who was and is and is to come.
Have your way, Lord.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Thou art the potter,
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Search me and try me,
Master today.
Whiter than snow, Lord,
wash me just now,
as in Thy presence
humbly I bow. Hold over
my being
absolute sway.
Filled with
Thy Spirit till
all I can
see, Christ only
living in
me.
It's beautiful,
these old songs.
It's amazing because
very seldom does he ever sing a new
one
inside of me. It's always old ones and I
don't even know the words.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you,
Father.
While I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Thank you for refreshing today, Lord.
Thank you for refreshing over every
single person here. I pray they
are able to drink from the well
that never shall run dry.
Father, I thank you that today
they're drinking from the well in this
brand new New Year. Father, that they
find that place of refuge in you.
Father, with all the winds and the waves
and the storms of life all around us all
the time, you're the place of my
refuge.
You are
the captain of my ship.
Thank you, Lord.
You are the one that is leading me.
Father, I thank you that so many
of these people today have an
intimate relationship with you.
To do
this channel is such an honor.
Thank you, Lord, that you called us and
chose us,
Father, that you would even visit and the
presence would fill our house the way it
has right now.
We're so grateful
to you. We give all the glory,
all the honor,
and
all the praise to
you.
We don't want to
be parrots
in these
last days, just quoting what somebody
else said, Father. But it's real to us,
Rhema
to us. That Jesus Christ is Rhema to
us. That we have a relationship with
Jesus. That Diana we walk with
Jesus
like the disciples. They were unlearned
men, but they marveled because they had
been with Jesus.
Not just one time, but over and over
again. They were with
Jesus every day.
Father, I thank you. Wash me just now,
Lord.
Humbly we bow.
Come freely. Freely you
come.
Calling
them
in.
I see a wave of the
glory calling them in
once
again.
It's like a pulse. It's like a
bang.
When you see this in
this vision, I see the lips
calling them in. It's a microphone
blast. They're calling him in and
it's
in a valley and it's dark.
Up
on a hill, on a cliff of a rock, it's
speaking forth and there are shock waves
coming forth to call in the
unsaved.
We're calling them in tonight. We're
calling in the
final harvest. The
ones in the back fields, the
ones that are out, the wayward people,
the wayward children, the wayward wives,
the wayward husbands, we're calling them
in.
Even the hardest cases, he says.
Even
the ones whose hearts are so hardened
towards him.
I see a
pinprick.
Listen to this. It's a
pinprick,
and I see the heart
and it's black and there's a prick on
it,
and it brings life into it.
Even the ones that would seem to have
the hardest cases. I see a man with a
beard, strung out on drugs. He has
an addiction to oxycodone
and
fentanyl. He
is
around 350 pounds, but he is not
fat—he
is
big.
His belly is big, but he is not
morbidly obese. He is just
a big man
with
scruffy hair and a scruffy
face. The
Lord is
touching this man; he
looks
like a
lumberjack. The
Lord
said, 'This is the hardest
case.'This
man has an alcohol problem and
is
going to bars.
He
is
a
womanizer,
and his family
is
crying out for his soul.
I see his grandmother crying out for the
soul of this man who
seems
to be the hardest case,
running
from the Lord.
But the Lord is going to bring him in
with
a prick.
As this heart of stone and blackness is touched by the love of God, it will turn to
flesh again.
Life
will
spread,
just
as
you
see life
return
when
someone's
heart
starts
pumping again.
The Lord said even the hardest cases
are
not
too
far
gone.
There
is a restitution of all things,
a restitution for all that you believe.
Believe Me for more.
You need to come boldly
to My throne. Come up
higher
with the fire,
for there
is
nothing too big for Me to bring your
heart's desire.
Call in your unsaved loved ones; they
are
not too far gone.
Bring them boldly before My throne
and watch what I do. In the
year 2026, you will see the
manifestations
concerning your unsaved loved ones if
you call out to them.
Carry
them before Me daily
and watch what I do.
A song of the
deliverer is coming:
'My deliverer
is standing by, and He will never break
His
promise.'He
is
calling them out. I see
many hearts of stone among the
Asians
in
South Korea, North Korea, China,
Taiwan, and the Philippines.
They
have
been blinded by
false religion,
but
the Lord is bringing the lost
sheep
out of Asia.
A great harvest is coming.
There
is
no one too hard
or
too far gone, not one lost
in the back fields that He cannot bring
out.
It will happen within a day.
You
will
see
your unsaved loved
one right before you,
asking,
'What must I do to be
saved?'You
will
laugh at the devil.
Even Tyrone
is
coming home.
We call him home today
in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hands off of him. Tyrone, come
home.
Rebellion and hardness of heart are breaking off of him.
He
is
not going to be angry anymore; he
will have
the joy of the Lord.
He
is
causing
a
shockwave
through the
world. We are about
to see the greatest harvest of souls.
His heart is the harvest tonight.
We pray over President Trump. He has
major decisions
to make in the next couple of
days. He is
in the
valley
of decision
concerning Cuba.
The decision is whether to infiltrate
Cuba,
much
like the situation in Venezuela.
He wants to bring freedom to the Cuban
people.
Sir, there is an underground
thing there.
You
will
find it; it is a 50-gallon
drum. There is a biological weapon,
a Cuban
Missile Crisis, put there by
Russia.
This is very serious concerning Cuba; it
is
an alliance.
Cut the head off the
snake. We back you in prayer,
and a great revival will come
through Cuba.
There
are
many
proxy governments
to
deal
with: Venezuela, Cuba,
and
Ukraine.
You have so much on you,
but
you
have
been
chosen for this
to liberate
these people and get the gospel in.
The Lord is allowing this to happen
to bring in the gospel on the heels
of all this liberation. Cuba and North Korea—you will
not even
have to touch North
Korea. Watch what the Lord does with
Kim and his
sister;
their days are numbered. The
Lord
says
there
is
a
shaking in the land. Shaking
in Cuba.
The Lord said, 'Don't let go of that.
I
am
pulling it in right now.'There is a
breaking down of
communism in your
backyard. Do not
focus on North Korea
right now; focus on
Cuba.
Watch Cuba
in the night,
ladies and gentlemen, when
they're asleep. Watch
the
electric grid. Watch what
happens; it's shaking. A shaking
of liberation is coming to save the
soul.
I hear the sound of an abundance
of rain.
Worship.
They're cheering in the streets because
it just happened. A freedom
is
coming,
and a spring of new growth will
come out of Cuba.
A
lifeline.
I see Trump. Do you remember the cords
that were attached to Russia?
I see a cutting of the cords
and him trying to stretch his own cords
to
establish a new
government and a new foundation,
because
he just needs help.
There's so much pressure,
even with what he's done with Venezuela.
And
even with Claudia, you'll remember this.
I see her
removed.
Claudia,
be done. Go. I see her going. There
is
an uprising
in
Mexico.
The Lord is after Cuba.
We pray for the valley of decision.
I see judges coming
against Trump in the days ahead.
There's a darkness
there. They're Democratic.
Concerning the decisions with Maduro,
a judge is trying to come
against him.
We uplift his hands.
It's because of the
revival upon the land. People don't see
it. The Lord said
his son's return is imminent.
There's no urgency in the church
or
the world for the
sign, but he's about to bring urgency.
The Lord said there's
a shaking to awaken, for my son's return
is at hand.
Woe unto the land,
a shaking to awaken
that
will be all over South
America.
He's preparing the land for the harvest.
He's just using Trump.
God
doesn't
care about all the oil and
other stuff; he's about the heart
of the man. He's looking for
the people. You may think
it's about
an
assignment, oil, or drugs,
but
it's about
the people and getting
souls
saved for a major harvest.
A liberation day
is coming for Cuba
in
2027.
It's on the
heels.
Pray over this.
He must finish his mission.
People don't realize the importance of
praying for his protection. Don Jr. is
highlighted to me again. Do you
remember Back to the Future
when
Earth Angel is
being sung
on the stage and
the picture's fading out?
This is a
fading out. I see him; he looks
transparent.
Don Jr. looks transparent
like in Back to the Future.
He must become more
apparent.
Pray for him.
It's revenge for
Soleimani.
We pray over his son, Don
Jr., and we pray protection
over him, a hedge of blood
around him. The angels of the
Lord are camped around him
right now in the name of Jesus. And over
Kai, his daughter,
we pray protection.
This is very serious.
We cover
him in the blood of Jesus
and
pray a hedge around him and his
granddaughter. This
is about Qasem
Soleimani.
I hear 'an eye for an
eye'very
clearly.
You need to listen to me.
We pray protection all around him.
There's a shield around him,
his daughter, and the
oldest.
It's about the men.
I know
Kai's not a man, Lord, but why do you
highlight
this young girl before me?
We pray protection over
her.
They
want to inflict pain,
but the angels of the Lord are camping
around them.
Pray for President Trump.
He'll be fine. The Lord's
got this. We
are
praying for protection
around President Trump and his
decisions. He's walking through the
valley of decision
concerning Ukraine
and
Cuba.
North Korea is
on the back
shelf. Taiwan will come to
the forefront
really quickly because
China wants to do what was done to
Venezuela.
In
three days, they'll try
to take Taiwan, and
there will
be a
great surrender on the second day.
Their government will just give up.
So much is focused on Venezuela right
now.
I hear Xi
Jinping,
'Do we do
this?
Can we get away with
this?'They're
trying to make the
final decisions concerning Taiwan right
now.
I
see
three
generals
in
the
meetings.
Some
say, 'Do
it,'while
others
say no.
It's
a vote.
They're weighing
the
consequences.
It's like World War II,
and
Russia is involved.
Russia and Ukraine.
I see Russia, and
it is
like
a
Jason Bourne
movie.
They
say,
'We can stretch them too thin if
we act all at the same
time.'Iran
is involved.
There
is
so much turmoil.
They know what's in
their backyard.
Cuba is
stretched
too thin,
and there's
an
enemy
within. A Red Dawn experience all at the
same time.
Remember
D-Day.
I see Turkey
and
Syria.
A battle plan is forming between
them.
Turkey is rising up secretly with Syria,
becoming friends in a greater
brotherhood.
They're beating their war drums.
Ezekiel 38 and 39 are at the
door.
This is concerning Israel
and
Benjamin.
Who will you save, Trump?
They
will
try
to
stretch you too thin. Who will you
say
is
the enemy within?
We have infiltrated your land.
China has
infiltrated the land. There are secret
cells of China.
There
are
not as many cells of the
Chinese as there are with the
others.
Little Kim is going to try to raise his
head.
He wants to be out of the
sanctions; he is going to
try to jump in on this and
become a real...
His life is
about wanting
to flex because
he has nuclear weapons.
That is
why he called him a
social pariah, remember?
Nobody wants to deal with
him,
but
because he has what he has,
I see it again: he
is
having meetings. Putin and
Xi
Jinping
are
all talking. And Iran too,
they are
ticked off about what happened
with Venezuela.
This is all because of Venezuela. Do you
hear what I am saying? If he can do it, I
am
watching them; they are all talking.
Chatter.
I see Kim talking. It
is
about Venezuela.
They want to use him as a
pawn.
Kim,
tactical.
Remember the barge;
remember the barge. USSR.
Remember the barge. That is what the Lord
says:
"USSR."He
gives you a view way in the future.
Watch Homeland Security. Watch the
barges on the Mississippi River. I
am
talking to you; I hope you
listen.
Watch the barges. Even in the summer
months on the 250th year,
watch the barges
coming down the Mississippi. It
is
about North Korea.
USSR
on the Mississippi River.
But that is even more so
before that. It is a
plan. They
are
ticked off because of
their plan. It
is
because of the
BRICS.
You weaken the BRICS. Do you see? They
wanted him for the oil and for financial
stuff. When they got that out and he
did that, they were ticked off
because it tries to put a kink
in the hose.
I see the
kink in the hose concerning
Venezuela and the BRICS. I am in
the spirit on this; I am seeing all this so
clearly. It is
about affecting
the dollar.
It
is
North Korea and the
BRICS, and
what they want
to form; they are ticked off
because of what happened in Venezuela.
It
is
about the kinking.
They
are
scrambling like roaches. You
will
see great chess moves in the days
ahead, folks. Trump is in the valley of
decision.
The Lord said, "Pray for him. He is in
the valley of decision."They
are
all worried and scrambling about
this. It is about Jesus coming back.
It
is
lifting off.
The Holy Spirit chose me, and I am so
thankful I go behind the
veil. I
will
tell you what the Lord is saying.
What He says is coming, all to His glory.
I see it so clear.
It
is
the kink in the hose.
I
am
looking at
Iraq.
I see a storm coming to America.
America,
sweet America,
God shed His grace on thee.
This must be
bathed in prayer, ladies and gentlemen.
Just remember this: we are in a time like we
have
never seen before.
I
am
looking into
Canada,
and I can see Canada so clearly.
These are low-level devils.
There
are
ranks of demonic forces.
What is messing with your court
system is in this realm right
here, which is not down here
influencing. They are coming
against your freedom of speech in a
major way in the days ahead, in 2026. They
are
going to
come against your freedom of speech,
how you are able to preach from your
pulpits, and how you operate
with your church finances.
This will be a big topic in the days
ahead concerning Canada. A major
shaking against your church finances. They
are
going
to
try to
challenge
your
tax-exempt
status.
I see it being successful in the courts.
Same with your amendment to be able to
speak what you want
regarding
hate speech
on social platforms
and behind the pulpit.
There
will
be
an uprising
with people protesting
in Canada,
a major shaking in British Columbia,
a shaking of the land, and an attempt to
secede from Canada to become part of
America.
Darkness and financial
instability
worse than the 1930s Great Depression.
A very fragile economy.
But I see a remnant rising up with great
glory,
with signs and wonders that will follow
them.
For as the persecution comes on, the
greater glory comes on.
I see a church rising up with
healings, demonstrations, and
manifestations of the glory.
It will spread and bring
healing on the land.
Oh Canada, a major revival is coming.
But it will come out of an olive press.
New oil will come from an olive
press.
This will be concerning Europe also.
England will follow.
England,
an olive press;
Ireland, an olive press; France, olive
press; Germany, olive press.
And they will follow. They will
try to suppress freedom of speech,
social
digital IDs, things like that.
Uprising. Watch these next three years.
This
is concerning Australia also.
A great
revival comes to Australia. Through
the olive press,
they
are
rising up.
A major move of God is coming to
Australia.
Queensland will be a hot spot.
The glory.
It
is
the
dry places and
the glory.
Oh Father, can these bones live? I
have
been
in
the
spirit
way too long. It
is
lifting. What
amazing
is it is not aching. I
am
so grateful.
The anointing is strong.
Well, praise the Lord, everybody.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I haven't gotten to eat
today, so I'm hungry. I had a protein
shake.
I'm thankful
to
all of you who are here. Thank you
for being here.
I
am
so grateful that
you would
spend the time praying with
me.
Thank you for being a part of our
YouTube channel and
praying for the nations. Thank
you for taking it seriously and
sacrificing your time. We
are
so grateful for every single one
of you.
It
is
surely a
blessing—all
7,400
of
you.
I wanted to add that scripture about
when the Lord was talking about the
pricking of the hearts.
That scripture in Acts chapter 2,
whenever Peter got up and was telling
them to repent and be baptized.
Acts says, "Now when they
heard this, they were pricked in
their heart and said to Peter and to the
rest of the apostles, 'Men and brethren,
what shall we
do?'"That's
beautiful.
So, it's scripture.
The hardest of hearts will be
pricked.
Thank you for looking that up.
That's good. I like it.
The hardest of hearts, Acts chapter 2.
I love it. See, it doesn't deviate from
the word.
Isn't it awesome? It all flows right out
of his throne.
Good job.
The pricking of the
hearts—that's
that lumberjack guy that
I saw. And then who is the other we
call forth? That young man?
Tyrone. I wonder who Tyrone is. The
Lord's calling forth Tyrone. Tyrone
was an African-American man; he
looked like he was young,
being rebellious, and his grandma's
calling him in.
He's going to be okay.
Hardness of hearts,
softness. I love his presence right now,
just sitting here for a minute, you
know, just feeling him, feeling the Holy
Ghost. I love the Holy Spirit's
presence.
Tonight, Braden, that was really cool. I
enjoyed that.
I love looking at that stuff. I like
listening to their meetings.
I want to go into that meeting, but I
can't because I'm live, and I wanted
to sit there and listen to them talking.
They were on the telephones. Like
you said, you saw it;
I could hear them on the phones.
But what's cool is, even though he's North Korean,
I could hear him in English.
I was sitting in his office; I knew
where he was.
I don't talk about it too much, but it was
cool because the Lord allowed
me to
see him talking. I
knew who he was talking to. I was in the
meetings and I could hear them
chattering.
Was it all in English? Everybody.
Even Putin was in
English tonight.
I could hear him talking in English. But
what
is
amazing is both of them were talking to
each other. He speaks North Korean,
he speaks Russian, and they were talking
in English for my ears.
They had accents, but it was
all in English.
Wow.
And when they were talking to the
others, I could hear them, Xi Jinping and all
of
them, and they're all talking and they're
ticked off, Braden, about what happened
in Venezuela.
Oh, what Jesus can do. I
was
there listening; I wanted to
sit there because I was only allowed to
hear a little bit.
What are they doing?
They're devising it. It was
crazy. He was in his pajamas.
The
North Korean guy
had black silk pajamas on. It looked like a
business suit, but it
was black silk with gold embroidery—the blackest onyx silk. He had black pants to match, but it looked like pajamas. But it wasn't pajamas; it was rich clothes, like it looked like
big bucks. It was silk. He wasn't dressed up; he was relaxing. He was sitting in a chair and there were servants all around him, and he was on the phone.
Putin was in a
suit—or
he was in these Chinese
clothes, I don't know how else to say
it.
It looked like the richest
silk-looking
black
onyx-looking
pajamas with golden buttons down
the front.
His pants looked like pajama pants.
I was looking at him, and he was
sitting in a chair
with
one hand on his head and
the other hand like this,
talking. He was relaxed, like he was
in a Lazy Boy.
He was
leaning back, and he was on the phone
with
his feet up,
talking. I could see him. I was
watching him talk
and I thought,
'Isn't that
interesting?'He
was talking on a
landline,
not
a cell phone.
A
secure line.
He was
talking on a landline with a cord;
it was a secure line, I bet.
It was a black phone.
Somebody said it's a villain's meeting,
basically.
You ain't
joking. But they were
all—his
hair was slick, he was perfect. He
had
women all around him.
They were
moving things around.
Pretty wild.
They don't know I was there;
the Lord allowed me to see it. They're
talking; Xi
Jinping
is involved.
And the other men talking to Xi
Jinping
had army uniforms on.
They looked like generals
and they had badges. They
were
voting to take Taiwan.
Just like those men
right there. Not like that
man right there.
These men I saw did not have hats on.
They had bunches of badges.
They were looking at Taiwan and the
ocean. I could see the ocean,
and they were on the edge,
trying to make a decision. The
Lord said,
'You're done.'Good
evening,
ladies and
gentlemen. Thank
you for
joining
us.
The Lord said, 'You're done. I don't
want to
tell you
any more.'He
said, 'You're
done
tonight.'I
said,
'Okay.'God
bless y'all. Thank you for joining
us. Thank you for all the likes, all the
notifications, all the things you all
do. God bless you all. We'll be back
soon.
It's pretty beautiful.
I love the Holy Spirit. I love the flow.
I pray you were blessed tonight by
it, and I pray it uplifted you and
you're refreshed. Have a great day.
Remember, put a smile
on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you
again soon. Have a great night. Bye-bye.